Unbanning on Instagram 101

1) Chapter 0
- Get on a PC (fxck your smartphone)
- Turn off any privacy plugin, proxies and vpns. Use your residential home IP
- Set your accepted language configuration in your browser to "en-us"

2) Chapter 1 : Myths about Unbanning
- No one can magically unban you, anyone that ask you to pay and get unbanned
in 24 hours is a scammer except he still goes through this article and bills
you for your ignorance.
- Your Ip or browser fingerprint won't be blocked for sending unban requests,
even if you send in 1000 daily.
- If you got banned, you violated the TOS. As simple as that, don't try to make
yourself innocent.
- Sending a picture of yourself multiple times won't be an issue. Keep making them
- You can send unban requests even from an email that differs from the email in
the Instagram account

3)Chapter 2: Let us get shit done
- go to https://help.instagram.com/contact/1652567838289083 or
https://www.facebook.com/help/instagram/contact/1652567838289083 and fill out the form.
- how to fill the form:
    Q: is this account used to represent a business, product or service
    A: No

    Q: Full name
    A: this name does not matter. pick whatever you want

    Q: Instagram username
    A: your IG without the @

    Q: email address
    A: your beautiful email

    Q: which country are you writing from?
    A: Always pick USA

- Once you filled out their beautiful designed form, you will receive a email (within 15min
 but sometimes longer), depending how much load their mailservers have. Don't even bother
 typing anything, just attach the required selfie pictures, as they told you in the email.
 If they reject you, simply write a response with a lot of bla bla bla (it helps sometimes),
 but don't wait for an answer. everything is automated with all the AI shit.

4)Chapter 3: Keep sending unban requests
SECRET: Keep Sending Unban Requests Until You Get Unbanned, No Matter How Often You Will Do
It Or How Long It Takes.
If you are too lazy to do this, don't bother starting the process.

You will likely noy receive any reply on the second unban request on the same email address. 
Instagram treats an email address as a user so they handle your mess once and then their
decision is permanent. That is why you need the trick in the next chapter.

5)Chapter 4: Overuse GMAIL
We all know the dot trick for google e-mails aliases . As an example , the following
E-Mail aliases will all land in your inbox:

abc@gmail.com
a.b.c@gmail.com
a.bc@gmail.com
ab.c@gmail.com
etc
Here comes the important part : You need to respond with the same E-Mail that you received
the E-Mail on . So for every unban request you need to change your google mail settings .
STEPS:
    - Go into your google setting .
    - Click on "Add another email address"
    - Fill in the extra e-mail of your choice.
    - Tick treat as an alias and Click next step.
    - And that is it! Next time you want to respond to an unban request, you just need to
      select the correct reply-with address from the dropdown menu.

I hope this helped ! Please this is delicate. Any mistake can make your account gone forever.
READ carefully and slowly at first.

I had to make this tutorial available as quick as possible, that is why I put in a text format.
But once my blog is up, you will find it there.